docs: Add timing for automatic agent updates to the cloud FAQ (#33177)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/choose-an-edition/teleport-cloud/faq.mdx

## Upgrading

### Will Teleport be automatically upgraded?

The Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service for Teleport Team and Teleport Enterprise Cloud 
are automatically kept up to date with patches and minor releases following the release schedule
described in [Teleport Upcoming Releases](../../upcoming-releases.mdx).

- Major version upgrades for the Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service typically occur 
  one month after new major versions are released.
- Minor upgrades and patches typically occur between one day and a week after a release.
- Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service upgrades are pushed to Teleport cloud accounts
  during your scheduled maintenance window.
- Teleport agents are only upgraded automatically if you enroll in automatic agent updates.

If you have Teleport agents connected to a Teleport Team or Teleport Enterprise cluster that are

> more than one major version behind, you might experience compatibility issues if your cluster is 
> automatically upgraded but agents aren't. 

Reviewer: I would rephrase to:
```suggestion
more than one major version behind, you might experience compatibility issues unless your agents
are enrolled in automatic upgrades
```

for upgrades. Teleport provides a scheduled maintenance time window for any
upgrades, patches and other required updates for all tenants. An upgrade for
your tenant will not start earlier than the window start time you set.

To set the window start time, select your username in the Teleport Web UI, then 
click **Help & Support**. Under Scheduled Upgrades, you can see the current
maintenance window start time. Click **Edit** to set a different start
time for scheduled maintenance.

Teleport recommends subscribing to the Teleport Enterprise Cloud updates at
[status.teleport.sh](https://status.teleport.sh) to keep up to date on
scheduled maintenance.

### When are agents automatically updated?

Teleport Team and Teleport Enterprise must be set to receive automatic updates
to use the Teleport Cloud version server for automatic agent updates. With automatic 
agent upgrades, agents periodically check the version server for new releases and 
update the software when new versions are found.

If you enroll in automatic agent upgrades, Teleport agents are automatically 
updated from one to a few days after your Teleport cluster is upgraded during 

> a scheduled maintenance period.

Reviewer 2: This should really just be "Teleport agents are automatically updated during your scheduled maintenance period."

Author: @xinding33 just FYI, the issue implies that "during your scheduled maintenance period" isn't the case:

> Currently after a cloud upgrade the version for the agents can be updated 1 or multiple days after.

### Will Teleport be automatically upgraded with each release?

Teleport Team and Teleport Enterprise Cloud follow the Teleport [Upcoming
Releases](../../upcoming-releases.mdx) timelines.

> - Major version upgrades for cloud Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service occur 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Major version upgrades for the Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service on Teleport Cloud occur 
```
Otherwise we're missing an article

  after the first minor release (for example (=teleport.major_version=).1.0) of Teleport.
  This typically happens within one month of a new major release of Teleport
  becoming available.
- After the first minor release, subsequent minor and patch upgrades typically
  occur within a week.

<Admonition type="note" title="Minimum agent version">

>     For major version upgrades (for example, 12.x to 13.x), your Teleport tenant is NOT 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For major version upgrades (for example, 12.x to 13.x), your Teleport account is NOT 
```
I think we were moving from "tenant" to "account"

Author: Calling it your "account" seems a little far removed from cluster/instance/tenant to me, but if that's the direction we're headed, that's fine.

    automatically upgraded if any Teleport agents connected to the cluster are not compatible 
    (> 1 major version behind). This version check is done to ensure backwards compatibility. 

>     To get version information for your agents, see [here](#how-can-i-find-version-information-on-connected-agents).

Reviewer 3: Should we reword the "here" link text?

### Will Teleport be automatically upgraded with each release?

> Teleport Team and Teleport Enterprise Cloud are upgraded after each Teleport release

Reviewer 4: We don't necessarily upgrade to each release. I think we should generalize this statement a bit and just say something along the lines of:

- we keep your auth and proxy patched and up to date
- patches and minors can be applied as soon as the day after a release
- major upgrades are not applied immediately (1 month delay)

is delivered. You can see the schedule for Teleport releases on [Teleport Upcoming
Releases](../../upcoming-releases.mdx).

- Major version upgrades for the Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service on 
  Teleport Cloud occur after the first minor release (for example (=teleport.major_version=).1.0) 
  of Teleport.
  This typically happens within one month of a new major release of Teleport
  becoming available.
- After the first minor release, subsequent minor and patch upgrades typically
  occur within a week.

> For major version upgrades (for example, 12.x to 13.x), your Teleport account is NOT 

Reviewer 4: This is correct today, but with automatic upgrades I believe we will no longer hold upgrades due to old agents. Would be good to confirm with @r0mant

Author: @r0mant, can you elaborate on what we might need to say here?

Reviewer: I can't see this paragraph fully anymore cause I assume it got removed but the current changeset looks good to me. Just left one comment.

    
To get version information for your agents, see [How can I find version information on 
connected agents?](#how-can-i-find-version-information-on-connected-agents).

If you want to proceed with an upgrade regardless of this compatibility check, contact 
[Teleport support](https://goteleport.com/support/).

### Are upgrades times configurable for Teleport Enterprise Cloud?

Yes, you can set the window start time that works best for your organization
for upgrades. Teleport provides a scheduled maintenance time window for any
upgrades, patches and other required updates for all tenants. An upgrade for
your tenant will not start earlier than the window start time you set.

To set the window start time, select your username in the Teleport Web UI, then 
click **Help & Support**. Under Scheduled Upgrades, you can see the current
maintenance window start time. Click **Edit** to set a different start
time for scheduled maintenance.

Teleport recommends subscribing to the Teleport Enterprise Cloud updates at
[status.teleport.sh](https://status.teleport.sh) to keep up to date on
scheduled maintenance.

### When are agents automatically updated?

> Typically, Teleport agents are automatically updated from one to a few days after 

Reviewer 4: Let's make it clear that you must be enrolled in automatic agent upgrades (and probably link to those docs) for this to happen.

I like to think of auth/proxy upgrades as "push" upgrades - we (Teleport) push the upgrade during the configured maintenance window. Agent upgrades are "pull" upgrades - we aren't pushing anything out, the agents are just configured to periodically check for new versions and pull them down.
